---
title: The Structure of the Alien Reality (prequel)
layout: default
---

The purpose of this page is to make it obvious that reality is created and managed by non-human intelligences. It is a prequel to our planned 2027 monograph, _The Structure of the Alien Reality_. None of it qualifies as "proof," but the overall picture painted and the nature of the connections outlined should convince most reasonable people of the alien reality and the nature of the alien reality. 

This page is a work-in-progress, and **a primary reason for our fundraising is to create the time to finalize it and its associated monograph.** If you like the contents of this page, please consider [donating to Vegnos](/donate). Donations are tax exempt and serve to further the non-profit mission. 

### Contents


First explain kalachakra: what it is generally and the core conflict surrounding it. In explaining the core conflict we describe as best we can the non-material realm and the two Her-Him tantras. Explain that the Ain Sof of the Hebrew kabbalah is roughly equivalent to Her. Situate current humanity within the Aryan root race. Explain that the current phase of creation and its history can only be understood with reference to previous periods of creation, including the polar-hyperborean phases (roughly equivalent in Biblical esotericism to Genesis 1:1), the Lemurian phase (the Garden of Eden and the pre-flood world), and the Atlantean phase (the pre-flood world). The wheel of time that we live in and its associated Her-Him tantra is the product of one faction of hyperboreans, and the core conflict surrounding kalachakra is between hyperboreans. Hyperboreans are equivalent to the reptilians or occult dragons, representing the highest level of occult initiation, so this information will not become entirely clear until the end. 

Next explain the sciences of kalachakra, "the three kabbalahs" These are *eastern,* represented by hinduism and buddhism, *western,* represented by Greek platonism and the Hebrew Kabbalah, and *runic* or Northern. Explain that the racial correspondences are not an accident and hint that the Her-Him tantras come with secret sex magick doctrines regarding races and the creation of races. Explain that the core of the "Sacred Science" is sex tantra and sex magick, the basis of all generation, including the generation of cosmic, material manifestations like the one we live in. Give a brief schematic of the Hebrew science of the wheel of time: that the gift of kingship, the secret of Hockmah, is the final gift of kalachakra; that all the lower sefirot provide the science of kalachakra, culminating in Binah, or Saturn, ruler of time, and Shabbat, or how Binah, the mother, cares for Zeir Anpin; that the lower kabbalah or lower kalachakra culminates in Zeir Anpin, or YHVH, who has 72 names, and that this is the typical stopping point of esoteric initiation, representing the "lower dragon." The mating between Zeir Anpin and Nukvah, malchut, describe most of the initial science. Below that, "underneath the stars" that subject the nations to fate, there is the exoteric kalachakra wheel of twelve houses, seven planets, and three elements, or the klippothic world that we live in, on whom Israel is trying to do "tikkun olam" to perfect the Her-Him tantra (Ain Sof is equivalent to Lakshmi or Her). Again suggest that the Hebrew race as a race of special note is unsurprising given the secret racial doctrines of kalachakra and the root of the Sacred Science being about race and gender, that is to say, about sex. 

